feat: Change manufacturer link to LongTextField and make translatable (#13542)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

<one-to-many name="custom_entity" reference="quote_comment" ignore-missing-reference="true" store-api-aware="false" on-delete="set-null" />
```

> ### Translatable product manufacturer links (PR #13542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Translatable product manufacturer links
```

> The `link` property of product manufacturer can now be set depending on the language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `link` property of the product manufacturer entity is now translatable.
```

> The `link` of product manufacturer can now be set depending on the language.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth nothing that if they're using `manufacturer.link`, now they should use `manufacturer.translated.link` instead

<one-to-many name="custom_entity" reference="quote_comment" ignore-missing-reference="true" store-api-aware="false" on-delete="set-null" />
```

### Translatable product manufacturer links

> The `link` property of product manufacturer can now be set depending on the language and the `product_manufacturer`.`link` was removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `link` property of product manufacturer can now be set depending on the language.
```

The last part should be added to the 6.8 upgrade guide, as the updateDestructive methods of migrations are only executed on major updates

Author: Changed again, hopefully this time it's OK.
